roles/ceph/README.md, before:

# ceph
This role installs and configures Ceph storage. The role reads the configuration
information under the each cluster name / location.

## Privilege escalation
Yes, privileged access is required for installing ceph.

## Parameters
* `neerali_ceph_cluster_name` (str) defaults to `ceph`, name of the cluster
  location.
* `neerali_ceph_config` (dict) is the primary source of configuration. The keys
  under it are cluster / site specific configurations. The site / cluster
  specific are also `dict`. The supported keys are listed under the
  [section](#supported-keys-for-ceph-config)

### Supported keys for ceph config
* `public_network` (str) public network CIDR
* `bootstrap_config` (dict) key value pairs as supported by
  cephadm bootstrap.
  Refer [link](https://docs.ceph.com/en/latest/man/8/cephadm/#bootstrap) for
  all supportted options
* `custom_images` (dict) key value pair holding details about
  custom container images to be used for deployment. The key must the suffix
  added to `container_image_<key>` with the value pointing to the URI of the
  image. The supported keys can be referred from
  [docs](https://docs.ceph.com/en/latest/cephadm/services/monitoring/#using-custom-images)
  Refer the
  [section](#example-for-overriding-default-images) 

### Example for passing additional bootstrap arguments
```YAML
neerali_ceph_config:
  ceph:
    bootstrap_config:
      cluster-network: 192.168.10.0/24
      ssh-user: zuul
```

### Example for overriding default images
```YAML
neerali_ceph_config:
  ceph:
    custom_images:
      prometheus: quay.io/prometheus/prometheus:latest
      loki: docker.io/grafana/loki:latest
```

Commit message:

Add support for OSD deployment
In this commit, we add support for deploying OSDs for the clusters.
This is done via osd_config key being added to ceph_config.

Support for spec file is driven via the content.

Signed-off-by: Pragadeeswaran Sathyanarayanan <pragadeeswaran.sathyanarayanan@ibm.com>

roles/ceph/README.md, after:

# ceph
This role installs and configures Ceph storage. The role reads the configuration
information under the each cluster name / location.

## Privilege escalation
Yes, privileged access is required for installing ceph.

## Parameters
* `neerali_ceph_cluster_name` (str) defaults to `ceph`, name of the cluster
  location.
* `neerali_ceph_config` (dict) is the primary source of configuration. The keys
  under it are cluster / site specific configurations. The site / cluster
  specific are also `dict`. The supported keys are listed under the
  [section](#supported-keys-for-ceph-config)

### Supported keys for ceph config
* `public_network` (str) public network CIDR
* `bootstrap_config` (dict) key value pairs as supported by cephadm bootstrap.
  Refer [link](https://docs.ceph.com/en/latest/man/8/cephadm/#bootstrap) for
  all supportted options.
* `custom_images` (dict) key value pair holding details about custom container
  images to be used for deployment. The key must the suffix added to
  `container_image_<key>` with the value pointing to the URI of the image. The
  supported keys can be referred from
  [docs](https://docs.ceph.com/en/latest/cephadm/services/monitoring/#using-custom-images)
  Refer the [section](#example-for-overriding-default-images)
* `osd_config` (dict) supports `options | content` keys. `options` holds a
  string that can be directly passed to the orchestrator. Whereas `content` is
  a list of spec file contents that needs to be applied.

#### Example for passing additional bootstrap arguments
```YAML
neerali_ceph_config:
  ceph:
    bootstrap_config:
      cluster-network: 192.168.10.0/24
      ssh-user: zuul
```

#### Example for overriding default images
```YAML
neerali_ceph_config:
  ceph:
    custom_images:
      prometheus: quay.io/prometheus/prometheus:latest
      loki: docker.io/grafana/loki:latest
```
